content/docs/getting-started.mdx, before:

export const metadata = {
  title: "Getting Started",
  description: "Launch your first localized site with a practical step-by-step path.",
  section: "Basics",
  order: 1,
};

Welcome to WebLingo. This guide is for teams shipping their first production locale and wanting a
reliable rollout path.

## Before you start

- A source site URL ready to crawl (for example, `https://www.example.com`).
- One target locale to launch first (for example, `fr`).
- A subdomain for localized traffic (for example, `fr.example.com`).
- Dashboard access with API token support.

## 15-minute launch path

1. Create your site configuration:
   - `POST /api/sites` (`sites.create`)
2. Verify the customer domain:
   - `POST /api/sites/{siteId}/domains/{domain}/verify` (`sites.domains.verify`)
3. (If needed) provision managed hostname:
   - `POST /api/sites/{siteId}/domains/{domain}/provision` (`sites.domains.provision`)
4. Trigger the first crawl:
   - `POST /api/sites/{siteId}/crawl` (`sites.crawl.trigger`)
5. Trigger translation for one locale:
   - `POST /api/sites/{siteId}/translate` (`sites.translate`)
6. Enable serving for the locale:
   - `POST /api/sites/{siteId}/locales/{targetLang}/serve` (`sites.locales.serve`)
7. Validate live delivery:
   - `GET /{path}` (localized serving surface)

## First-launch acceptance checklist

- Locale is reachable on your localized domain.
- Navigation links and translated slugs resolve correctly.
- Canonical + hreflang tags are present.
- One full page render is visually validated.
- A second crawl updates only changed content.

## Related docs

- [Domain + CNAME Setup](../site-setup)
- [Translation Pipeline](../translation-pipeline)
- [API Reference](../api-reference)

Commit message:

feat(dashboard): align backend capabilities and docs

content/docs/getting-started.mdx, after:

export const metadata = {
  title: "Getting Started",
  description: "Launch your first localized site with a practical step-by-step path.",
  section: "Basics",
  order: 1,
};

Welcome to WebLingo. This guide is for teams shipping their first production locale and wanting a
reliable rollout path.

## Before you start

- A source site URL ready to crawl (for example, `https://www.example.com`).
- One target locale to launch first (for example, `fr`).
- A subdomain for localized traffic (for example, `fr.example.com`).
- Dashboard access with API token support.

## 15-minute launch path

1. Create your site configuration:
   - `POST /api/sites` (`sites.create`)
2. Verify the customer domain:
   - `POST /api/sites/{siteId}/domains/{domain}/verify` (`sites.domains.verify`)
3. (If needed) provision managed hostname:
   - `POST /api/sites/{siteId}/domains/{domain}/provision` (`sites.domains.provision`)
4. Trigger the first crawl:
   - `POST /api/sites/{siteId}/crawl` (`sites.crawl.trigger`)
5. Trigger translation for one locale:
   - `POST /api/sites/{siteId}/translate` (`sites.translate`)
6. Enable serving for the locale:
   - `POST /api/sites/{siteId}/locales/{targetLang}/serve` (`sites.locales.serve`)
7. Validate live delivery:
   - `GET /{path}` (localized serving surface)

## First-launch acceptance checklist

- Locale is reachable on your localized domain.
- Navigation links and translated slugs resolve correctly.
- Canonical + hreflang tags are present.
- One full page render is visually validated.
- A second crawl updates only changed content.
- TXT/CNAME records from the dashboard verification/provisioning flow are fully propagated.

## Related docs

- [Domain + CNAME Setup](../site-setup)
- [Translation Pipeline](../translation-pipeline)
- [API Reference](../api-reference)
